Cooking correspondence lesson
Become a meat grilled professional
This time the aging meat of the wood now
It is a challenge to that way
The teacher is the master of meat grilled daormo
I am Koji Kitamura
The meat is made of mid-sized gunmeal meat from the aging meat specialty store in rural Chofu at an affordable price among the aging meat.
Enjoy v
Now it's a challenge to meat and description up a rank
Now, please prepare the chef
It is thin
And this put the fire whip
that
Extra way that than the original Komi is a mix of various sites to be seen that go
Song Min of taste is also a simple cooking method is where to enjoy because there is a width
Be careful not to use too much
There is oil
For those of meat
Major strengthening
To do
Turn this over
Turn over the meat if you have salt and pepper
Salt is fine on one side only
Because this is a frying pan of iron this time
Quite Increase temperature or rather to that limit without laid the 8 oil
Yes
I do not have oil
Conversely, if you put in oil , warm the skin of that pot to such an extent that the oil burns at once
This is pretty
It is hot though
The time is only 5 seconds everyone
Please do not miss
Yes I made noodles
I 'm down
Here, since the noodles used was come out a little that moisture skip once the ingredients in a pot skin
Really quick
If it seems that fat and that reddishness are like this
12 looked up wearing It is what do want
Have
Oh
It looks like a life of fighting disease, but it is fine if it is a fine tone zone .
Well then
It looks like raw wasabi with 8 accents
Now strong a Hirohama bought by saying of the I think I even sprinkled on top
It is completion of one side firing of 10 battle Yuko microphone
The material is only this
It is a plate that tastes the taste of aged meat reasonably easily
Everybody try it by all means